feat(http_server): Add custom response header configuration (#20811)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/20395_custom_response_headers_from_http_server.feature.md

> Allows configuring custom headers to be added to responses from the http_server when using the HttpSource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http_server` source now allows configuring custom headers to be added to responses via the `custom_response_headers` option.
```
